So I'm on the Anthopypeum page, the one that you just scraped. So it says author, Bloom, who is the guy that I guess originally wrote the description of the Orchid, published in 1825, and then he has the publication's name, which is abbreviated, which is fine to keep it that way. The synonyms is okay to keep. This is all information on this whole page, you keep everything. Then he has the type species, and so he goes Acanthio, Pypeum, Jovanicum, so that's the genus and the species. He puts it in a subfamily of a Dendritia and a tribe, Colabria, and then entomology, which is an interesting thing, and I don't think I had a field for that, but I think if he has stuff like this, you should keep it, because it's really good data. This is basically descriptive of how they came up with the name, Acanthia, so this would be good for telling stories. Then ACA, so now we know, and you might connect this to another sheet of abbreviations, because we should have a sheet of abbreviations somewhere that you're using for reference when you have AI go through and read these things, but right here, they're telling you what the abbreviation is, which is nice. Then the distribution, and this is what's really fascinating, all of these places, because then I come up with all these questions, is if you're finding this everywhere, why does it grow here, and what things are in common, what's the diversity? So if we had, and this is part of why we're doing this project, is if I have pictures of 500,000 of this exact same thing that were located through these areas, and we analyze the pictures, I bet you we would find differences. We would find mutations, we would find new traits, we would find, who knows what we find, but anyway, that's kind of the whole point of this. Anyway, it gives you characteristics of the plant, it's sespilos, I don't even know what that one means, I have to look it up, so it needs to be in our glossary. And now maybe another one is that I gave you the glossary, and when you come up with those terms and you see them, flag the glossary so that you know it's in there, and if it's not in there, put it in there, so that we could figure out its definition and how it applies to this. It's sympodal, it's terrestrial, and it's rarely mycoheterotrophic, which is interesting. It means it doesn't rely on the fungal interactions very much. The rhizome is very short, so that's really good to know. Pseudobulbs clustered, large, fleshy, ovoid, or cone-shaped, or cylindrical, several noted subtended by sheaths when young, leafy above. Leaves articulate two to three, sheathing at the base, large, convolved, convolute, labrous, pleated, stocked, eventually deciduous. So there's a description of the pseudobulbs, a description of the leaves, a description of the rhizome. And then there's a description of the inflorences, lateral basal, arising from immature, newly developing growth, much shorter than the leaves, racemos, few to several flowered. And then, here it says the flowers, so now it just describes the flowers. So this is just tons of data. The flowers are reseponate, medium-sized, not opening, wildly shaped like an inflated tube, urn or bottle-shaped, so they're reseponate. And then it describes the sepals, they're joined, forming a swollen, sepal-line, urn-shaped tube. The lips free or spreading lateral sepals much broader than the dorsal decurrent or the column foot forming a mintum with it. And I don't know what mintum is, so that would be, you know, off to the glossary to look it up, not the glossary, let's add it to the glossary. And then, you know, look it up and find a definition and put that in the glossary. The petals are free, shortly, decurrent, along the column foot, more or less, spathulate. So there's another two words, decurrent and spathulate. Lip hinged on top of the column foot, very mobile, small saddle-shaped, deeply trilobed, spurless, side lobes erect, callus on disc between the two side lobes consisting of ribs or aneals, differing in number and type which distinguish between species. Okay, so that's the lip. And then the column, it describes the column. So this is describing every bit of this plant. This is an incredible description of this plant. This is the quintessential botanical description. Notes featured photograph is the type species, Canthopypium japonicum, maybe sometimes bespelt and it gives you a couple of different spellings. So you got, you know, AKA known as this and this. It says they're orthographic variants. I'm not sure what orthographic is, but then it talks about references and those are all worth capturing. And then basically there's a photograph on the right of it and then below this he has three extra links which are the three extra species that he has. So if you click on the first one, it says species not found. So don't. But we do know the name of the species, so, you know, I think it's a fair game to, you know, if we don't know that there was a species, then, you know, we should. Anyway, hope some of that helps.